zh, en: refine docs for deploying TiDB on GKE (#1178)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tidb-from-kubernetes-gke.md

> **Warning:**
>

> > For production use, please consult [Deploy TiDB on GCP GKE](deploy-on-gcp-gke.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This tutorial is for testing purposes only. **Do not** follow it in production environments. For production environments, see the instructions in [Deploy TiDB on GCP GKE](deploy-on-gcp-gke.md).
```
